<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@fgv/ts-sudoku-lib](./ts-sudoku-lib.md) &gt; [Puzzles](./ts-sudoku-lib.puzzles.md) &gt; [KillerCombinations](./ts-sudoku-lib.puzzles.killercombinations.md)

## Puzzles.KillerCombinations class

Helper class providing UI assistance functions for killer sudoku puzzle solving. Generates possible totals, number combinations with constraints, and cell-specific possibilities based on current puzzle state.

**Signature:**

```typescript
export declare class KillerCombinations 
```

## Methods

<table><thead><tr><th>

Method


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[getCellPossibilities(puzzle, state, cage)](./ts-sudoku-lib.puzzles.killercombinations.getcellpossibilities.md)


</td><td>

`static`


</td><td>

Determines possible values for each cell in a killer cage based on current puzzle state.

Analyzes the current state of the puzzle and cage to determine which values are possible for each empty cell, considering both killer cage constraints and standard sudoku constraints (row, column, section uniqueness).


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getCombinations(cageSize, total, constraints, maxValue)](./ts-sudoku-lib.puzzles.killercombinations.getcombinations.md)


</td><td>

`static`


</td><td>

Generates all possible number combinations that sum to the target total.

Each combination contains unique numbers from 1-9 that sum exactly to the specified total. Combinations respect both excluded and required number constraints if provided.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[getPossibleTotals(cageSize, maxValue)](./ts-sudoku-lib.puzzles.killercombinations.getpossibletotals.md)


</td><td>

`static`


</td><td>

Gets all mathematically possible totals for a given cage size.

Uses the existing totalsByCageSize constant to determine the valid range of totals for the specified cage size and returns all integers in that range.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

