<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@fgv/ts-res](./ts-res.md) &gt; [Import](./ts-res.import.md) &gt; [ImportContext](./ts-res.import.importcontext.md) &gt; [forContainerImport](./ts-res.import.importcontext.forcontainerimport.md)

## Import.ImportContext.forContainerImport() method

Creates a new [import context](./ts-res.import.importcontext.md) to import resources from a container with the specified [container context declaration](./ts-res.resourcejson.normalized.icontainercontextdecl.md)<!-- -->e

**Signature:**

```typescript
static forContainerImport(container?: ResourceJson.Normalized.IContainerContextDecl, importer?: ImportContext): Result<ImportContext | undefined>;
```

## Parameters

<table><thead><tr><th>

Parameter


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

container


</td><td>

ResourceJson.Normalized.IContainerContextDecl


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ The [container context declaration](./ts-res.resourcejson.normalized.icontainercontextdecl.md) to consider when creating the new context.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

importer


</td><td>

[ImportContext](./ts-res.import.importcontext.md)


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ The base [import context](./ts-res.import.importcontext.md) to adjust for the container context.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

**Returns:**

Result&lt;[ImportContext](./ts-res.import.importcontext.md) \| undefined&gt;

`Success` with the new [import context](./ts-res.import.importcontext.md) if successful, or `Failure` with an error message if the operation fails.

## Remarks

A container context declaration may specify a merge method, which determines how the container context is merged with the base context. The merge method can be one of the following: - `augment`<!-- -->: The base context is augmented with the container context. This is the default behavior. - `replace`<!-- -->: The base context is selectively replaced with the container context. If the container context specifies a base ID or conditions, the corresponding values in the base context are ignored. - `delete`<!-- -->: The base context is deleted. This means that the container context is not used at all.

